# Link-Sign-Prediction-in-Signed-Graphs-Master-Thesis-
In this repository, I will be updating on some of the scripts and datasets I will be using for my Master Thesis, which focuses on Link Sign Prediction in Signed Graphs. Once the thesis is completed, I will upload it commenting the main results and order all the contents from the different tasks that we are intending to carry out. This is used right now as a compilation right now of all the results that we are obtaining.

# First Part: Replicating Leskovec results

The main objective that we will be taking for the first part of this thesis is to replicate Leskovec's results for predicting link sign in three of the most famous datasets in Signed Graph Theory: Epinions, Slashdot and Wikipedia. These all come from websites where users can give ratings to one another, according to how they perceive others' performance. The prediction method used for this part of the task is Logistic Regression using up to degree 3 features (I will deatil when the project is at a higher development stage what are exactly the variables being used to predict). 

The main problem faced in this part of the project is the need to create a new function which starts a 10-fold cross validation, creates both training and validation dataframes at each fold of the CV and then train for each fold the logistic regression model and after that, give an AUC-ROC metric at the validation fold. It is crucial to remark that the standard function `cross_val_score` from **Scikit-learn** could not be used since it does not allow the creation of a new dataset at each fold. This is necessary because, otherwise, there would be a data leakage problem, since we would be using some of the validation links to create the variables used for predicting in the logistic regression.

The results were very satisfactory and pretty much replicated the expected behavior from Leskovec. The concrete numerical results will be posted here once the work is completed, although they can be checked in the uploaded notebook.
